

20-21:
echo "GbKksEFF4yrVs6il55v6gwY5aVje5f0j" | nc -lp, any port # is fine bc its checking in localhost, lp --> listening in that port, if you get a port # after entering, it is able to connect so you can put the file and port # you put before so it gets the password 
psw: gE269g2h3mw3pwgrj0Ha9Uoqen1c9DGr
21-22:
psw: Yk7owGAcWjwMVRwrTesJEwB7WVOiILLI
i changed directorys catted the bandit22 file and then catted the one i got when i entered, and did the same to where i got the password
22-23: 
i did the previous steps for 22 and once i got the script i first echoed as it said to but on bandit23 since that's what we're looking for, i then got the series of numbers and letters for the file that i used to get the password, since it was in the tmp directory as it said, i catted the file from that
psw:jc1udXuA1tiHqjIsL8yaapX5XIAI6i0n
23-24:
i first ran the files and got the code in the user bin one. using that i made a directory to write in to get the password from the bandit pass directory by writing the shell script in. i made a file and used chmod 777 to make it accessible. i then wrote in the code for getting the password like how the previous levels were formatted.  i then made a psw file to have the psw there. i copied the first file back to the one from when i ran the usr bin then ran the psw
psw: UoMYTrfrBFHyQXmg6gzctqAwOmw1IohZ
24-25:
i first echoed the previous psw and the nc to see what would happen w/o the 4 digits. then since i had to go through many pins i made a shell script where it would run the tries by echoing the psw and running through all combos form 0000 to 9999 until it gets to the correct password. i did this by making a for loop and w shell script syntax used "do" and "done" to indicate the start and end, and after it i added the nc so it would end and then start and go through multiple times until it gets to the correct one. i then ran the shell script where it did run many times until it got to the password
psw: uNG9O58gUE7snukf3bvZ0rxhtnjzSGzG 























































































































































